Remove the in-cluster ceph part in rook ceph KB (#44)
harvester/harvesterhci.io: kb/2023-08-23/using_rook_ceph_storage.md

[Rook](https://rook.io) simplifies the deployment and management of Ceph, offering self-managing, self-scaling, and self-healing storage services. It leverages Kubernetes resources to automate the deployment, configuration, provisioning, scaling, upgrading, and monitoring of Ceph.

> In this article, we will guide you through the process of installing, configuring, and utilizing [Rook](https://rook.io/docs/rook/v1.12/Getting-Started/intro/) to use storage from an [existing external Ceph cluster](https://www.rook.io/docs/rook/v1.12/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/) as a data disk for a VM within the Harvester environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article, we will walk you through the process of installing, configuring, and utilizing [Rook](https://rook.io/docs/rook/v1.12/Getting-Started/intro/) from an [existing external Ceph cluster](https://www.rook.io/docs/rook/v1.12/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/) as a data disk for a VM within the Harvester environment.
```
